Time for our very last test.
So we're going to make sure that we have the ability to successfully reserve a ticket inside this test.
We do still have to do a little bit of setup.
We need to make sure that there is a ticket inside the database that is free and not reserved.
So we're going to first create a ticket, save it to the database, and then make a request in attempt
to reserve it.
So we'll first create a ticket.
With our tickets built, I'll give this a title of concert and a price of 20.
And then we can save that ticket.
After the ticket has been saved, we can then make a request in attempt to reserve it.
So it will be a request very similar to what we wrote just a moment ago.
The only difference is we will expect to get back a status code of 201, which indicates that the order
has actually been created.
So we'll do and await request to app.
You want to make a post?
Two API orders.
Not send just yet we want to set that's better set our cookie to global sign in just to make sure we
are authenticated.
Then we can send along the ticket ID.
So ticket ID is that tickets ID.
So make sure we put in ticket ID.
And then finally, we will expect this to resolve with a201 indicating that the order was created.
So let's save that.
Go back over to our terminal and it looks like it is passing.
Just to make sure it is passing for the correct reasons, I will flip back over, change that expectation
to a 400.
Just to make sure that if we have an incorrect expectation here, the test does fail and yet looks good.
So we expected a 400, but we actually got a 201, which means that the ticket was actually saved in
theory to the database successfully.
I'm going to change that back to 201 and we should be green again.
Cool.
Now, naturally, we could kind of do a follow up on this test right here.
We could try to write out something that says, Hey, let's reach into the order collection, make sure
there are no orders inside there.
And then after making the request, take another look at the order collection and assert that there
is at least one order inside.
Our request handler.
Right here actually does send the order as well.
So we could potentially also get the response back.
Take a look at the order that was created and attempt to find it inside of our order collection.
So a lot of different ways we can improve upon this to make sure that the order truly is saved to the
database.
But again, for right now, a201 is kind of good enough for me.
I've got a reasonable degree of certainty that if I get down to this line of code, I have successfully
executed the save.
But again, we might end up coming back and changing this code in the future, and some other engineer
might accidentally do that right there.
They might comment out everything and then maybe it removed sending back the order.
So if we save this our order, our test would still pass successfully, even though our code is definitely
not doing the right thing per say.
So if you want to, you could definitely add in that extra little check to make sure that everything
truly is working as expected.
But right now, I think this is good enough for me, just we don't spend a ton of time writing tests.
Okay.
So that's it for tests around our new route handler.
Now I want to point out once again, I know writing Tess is sometimes a little bit of a pain, but it
was super critical to do in this case.
Right now, we don't really have any way of manually testing our order service in any kind of development
environment.
The order service itself doesn't have any functionality tied to it for creating a ticket.
We don't have any way to somehow load up a order or a ticket into the order service.
And so we would have not been able to make sure that the order could somehow reserve a ticket successfully.
If we launch this thing inside of our Kubernetes cluster right now and started sending requests to it
through Postman.
So this really is a scenario we're writing out.
Some tests is strictly mandatory.
It has to be done because we just otherwise don't know if this route handler is working as expected.
All right.
So now we've got this put together.
We still do have to take care of some event related stuff, and we still got a couple of other route
handlers to get through.
So, as usual, a quick pause.
Come back in just a moment.